Let's go now to Professor Phosphate's lab where he's just completed a new batch of wiener bill episodes
Look for phosphate on all new episodes of wiener bill here on me
Creepy crawlers were chopped your parents put it together like Bob not included graveyard
could be small packing globu beat sold separately confused about dating relax Clarissa explains it
all in her new home video consider the blind date you set me up with a Milton is Clarissa headed
for blind date from hell and what happens when your best friend's dream girl turns out to be
What do you think she's cool and collected she's got all the answers
In two full episodes plus never before seen footage Clarissa explains it all in dating her first home video from Nickelodeon
No class P is for pizza pizza
Now you can get a free toy surprise
You are me
Very handsome
We're being bad is good
And greedy
Look there it is
No, let's get the jewels
Games for bitten bridge dare to cross for bitten bridge
But if the angry idol shapes it you can fall to your doom first to grab the idols jewels and get the safety wins
But beware for bitten bridge
Oh
Doug on his controversial monumental historical move to weeknights at 7 6 central
I think it's great simply said and from the source watch Doug at his new time every weeknight at 7 6 central as Doug says
Nick
Wait, did I count that cell or not? It's no fair when they keep moving around
It's hard to believe so many living cells are in every drop of water and what about in a whole glass
How many is that millions hundreds of millions kind of grosses you out unless you're thirsty see it fellas
Some people have trouble contemplating higher numbers millions billions trillions, but for me, it's easy
For example 1,256,011 times. I've asked my parents. Can I have a car 1,256,011 times?
They've answered no way Jose. Let's take a trip down memory lane
Unfortunately, I won't be in the driver's seat. I
Tried leaving little subtle clues around so dad would know what I wanted for my birthday
I guess early morning isn't the best time to be subtle with dad. I tried buttering them up with a special home cooked meal
But it was no use
Mom cut right through all my arguments. I even tried showing them how having a car would fit easily into our lives
But dad rolled all over that one
So about this car thing
Let's just say owning an auto is a subject. I've driven into the ground
But as far as I can recall there is in a single instance where they told me I couldn't have one of these
Never thought of it before but there are all kinds of reasons by owning a motorcycle beats owning a car
There's speed
Cars require unlocking the door getting in buckling your seatbelts adjusting the mirror
Too slow. I figure I can get on the back of the cycle from the back door in 2.5 seconds
Next there's maneuverability while you can maneuver a whole fleet of cycles in the space of one car
Best of all, they can't ask you to drop your little brother off somewhere. There's no trunk
So what's all this about owning a motorcycle well the idea came up kind of casually
Olivia kind of casually mentioned her older brother Marlon was selling his 75 to get a larger bike
I don't know his problem is with these motorcycles
Anyway, who does he think he is macho man Marlon?
Just as casually I planted the idea that maybe I could buy it
Do you think he'll take 50 bucks?
Okay, I know it's not a car, but it is a motor vehicle and for the first time it's actually within my grasp
I hope he says yes that cycle needs a kind loving home, but knowing Marlon. I'm afraid money talks
Hi Sam
Hey, Clarissa, guess what I found in my basement just waiting for an opportunity like this to arrive
Who's Norbert?
And where did he study art?
He's some guy who plays poke with my dad. In fact, that's how my dad won this helmet. He doesn't want it
Nah, he doesn't want any of the Norbert collection. You mean there's more besides this?
Norbert was always short of cash, so he bet whatever
Matching hula dancer table lamp size nine and a half ice skates
Shot glass collection from pigeon forge, Tennessee all kinds of junk
So if Norbert never has any money and your dad doesn't want to stop how can he plays him?
Hey, Norbert's the only guy my dad can beat
Bang and thank you Norbert. No problem. So after you get your license and take a couple lessons
You'll be all set. So did Olivia come through?
I don't know yet. She said to give her some time to work on Marlon
It's been about an hour
Well, 45 minutes almost. Hey, 35 minutes is almost 45 minutes, isn't it?
Yes, madam when you sign up with my company's phone calling plan you'll receive benefits way too numerous to mention
mention them
Okay, Ferguson, you're gonna be long one moment, please. I need to consult my customer service manual
Buzz off sis. I got a fish on the line, and I don't want to lose her
But I need let me see as a customer of the FCC the Ferguson communications company
you will receive genuine FCC service and
Genuine FCC quality Ferguson and the best part is you'll never receive a bill just a call from me each month to tell you
How much you owe isn't that convenient? Hey, who can read those darn phone bills anyway?
Hello
Ferguson, what are you trying to pull it's a plan so incredibly simple
I'm surprised no one ever thought of it before how's it work I
Get calling cards assigned to me under a variety of names Ferguson darling FW darling Ferguson W darling
Well, if you run out of names to call yourself, I've got a list a mile long
Then I let each customer use a different number to make calls. I get the bills and charge them only what they owe
But why would anyone buy service from you and they could buy it from the big long-distance companies? Ah
Because when you sign up with one of the big boys, you don't get one of these with every offer
That's just one of those rubber jar opening thingies. Do they know that's what they're getting? They're aware that they'll be receiving a prize
And what's in it for you? Oh?
I get the frequent flyer miles the what the frequent flyer miles mom and dad get five frequent flyer miles every time
They make a long-distance call with all my customers making calls. I'll have enough miles for a trip around the world
Which part of that plan is simple the part that's on it off
You'll be laughing at the other side of your mouth put on the youngest person ever to travel the globe
I'll save us all time and laugh at it both sides now
Olivia it's me so
But did you tell them I take care of it?
Doesn't our friendship count?
Okay
Thanks, anyway
Later that didn't sound so good no takers yet
But Marlon put ads in the gym the penny saver Andy lowered the price how much a couple hundred
So he still thinks it's gonna move. Yeah, but what he doesn't know is where it's moving is into my possession
But how you don't have that kind of money? No, but I can get it your dad's Norbert collection gives me an idea
Yeah, there's a ton of junk in the garage. My mom's been meaning to toss for months
Why not just sell it at a garage sale good theory, but who wants your family's old junk?
Somebody might after all we wanted it once the good news is
It's been a few days now Marlon still hasn't sold his motorcycle yet. The bad news is my yard sale proved
That's not the only thing nobody wants to buy. I tried passing off the broken globe as a handy-kitchen utensil
No sale even when I offered to throw in the chips
Some people have such a narrow world view
And I found out real quick
The bottoms dropped out of the used toy market
I thought the swivel part of my dad's old chair would make a lovely lazy Susan, but the customers were not into fast food
I didn't load a small pile of stuff the rest went to the dump along with my hopes of ever getting my hands on that motorcycle
Hey, what's up?
Mind if I hang out here for a while. Sure. Are you okay?
What's the loudest sound you ever heard in your life? You mean aside from when Ferguson's eating for me
It's the sound of Mount Wesley erupting Wesley your dad
The walls are shaking at the debris home this afternoon. What happened?
Well Marlon got a new bike the problem is he hasn't sold his old bike yet talk about an embarrassment of riches
Yell about is more like it. That's what my dad started doing when he got home and he couldn't fit his car in the garage
Well, that gives me a pretty radical notion. Yeah
My yard sale left plenty of room in the garage for a small cycle. He gets stored over here
Your folks wouldn't mind I'll bet they never noticed
Probably get a buyer soon. I still thought that buyer is gonna be me
You know, he may just be desperate enough to go with it. I can relate when it comes to motor vehicles
I understand desperation, but one thing what you're not riding it, right?
Because Marlon would end my life with one blow. I wouldn't lose any sleep over it
I'll go see what he says. I can't believe it that motorcycle is practically already mine
I can almost feel the heat of the engine
Now I better think of a way to warm up my parents to the idea
There
The motorcycle is safe and sound and stirred away behind the twig chipper the leap either the weed whacker and the garden
How can we have to hide it? I thought you said it was cool this dish is here. Hold that thought my dad just follow my lead
Hi dad. Hello, Mr. Darling. Hey, what's going on? You two up to no good?
No, whatever makes you think that dad. Well, just figure speech. Oh, sure. I knew that
You got plans for today. Oh
Well, we were just
Sitting out here talking about movies. We like um, yeah movies. You know, you just see that one movie
You know, you're gonna remember all your life. Oh sure for me. It was the graduate
Romeo and Juliet clockwork orange
Yeah, what was that one about the two hippie guys on motorcycles? Oh, yeah
Yeah, now you're talking about easy rider. That was it easy rider
That was the most important film of my life when I was in high school
Captain American Billy
Thumb in their noses society and its rules
Taking off on their choppers in a cloud of dust and experiencing whatever lay in front of them. Oh, that was a great movie
I know wouldn't it be cool to own a motorcycle and follow their example? No plans total freedom, you know, it was best of all
I'm sorry. Did you say own one? Yeah
Are you kidding? Do you have any idea how dangerous a motorcycle is?
Besides you get all dusty and your butt falls asleep from the vibrations and have you ever tried to get that grease out from under your fingernails?
So just to be clear what you're saying is you don't like motorcycles. Well, it's a metaphor
I love them, but I would never own one or ride one. That's crazy sport
Well, I got stuff to do. So you too. You stay out of trouble
Not much for buying Marlin's bike
Want him to find some place else to store it? No way my parents are gonna be cool about it
They just don't know it yet. Sure. I can see it now. Oh, that's crazy
Good luck, but Olivia. They haven't even seen it yet. Look at the chrome the leather
Well, we can hammer the dents out later, but it's right here. It's calling to me. I can't believe it
Am I really gonna have to take no for an answer?
Watch the many faces of Doug weeknights at seven six cents at seven six central on Nickelodeon
Cool jewelry that transforms into fun friends because there's secret fun in everyone
Oh
Calling collect you've got options you can dial zero like this guy. Hi mommy
I wrote on the plane all by myself did I mention you'll be charged as much as you possibly can for this call or you can dial 1 800 collect
Here's how it works dial 1 800 collect. Yeah, I just saved you some cash. You're welcome. Love you
Called mom collects, huh? You know, you could have saved up to 44 by dialing 1 800
Can you find it in your heart to forgive me? Who's responsible for this? I picked them myself
Nick's gonna tell who draws Ren and Stimpy. It's about 50 artists
They draw faces. This is ren normal and this is ren screaming paint background by paint
Backgrounds draw practically anything I get to do vomit. Now, you know who's responsible for Ren and Stimpy
People can relate to him. They see a lot of themselves and
On the only network for you
Sam Tucker
As new members of the midnight society, please repeat after us
I will strive to tell the scariest tales I can imagine
Each tale must be new and different
Each tale must be new and different and submitted for approval and submitted for approval every Saturday night
Every Saturday night at 9 30 8 30 central. Are you afraid of the dark find out when you sneak
Um
Okay, right now I'm caught in the clutches of a power that's a lot more thunderous than an internal combustion engine
A lot more frightening than the roar of parental disapproval. It's that awful evil gripping monster
Right now temptation's power is speaking to me through a 75 cc engine
Hey, what was I supposed to do? My dad needed a lawnmower. So I had to think fast
Man what I wouldn't give to turn the key
I know my parents wouldn't like the idea, but why not? I mean, what do they think I'm gonna do?
Well, that would certainly shake things up a little around here
I don't know how much longer I can control the urge to ride it. I think about it dream about it
Draw pictures of it on my notebook covers
Why wasn't I born old enough to drive?
Hi, Sam
Thank you or something
You know I picked in your garage, but I didn't see
The motorcycle
My dad was about to have a close encounter of the two-wheeled kind
I don't get it Clarissa. Why are you hiding it?
Why can't you just say Marlon needed to place the stash it until he sells it?
Maybe at one time I could have but now that I've decided to ride it, you're gonna ride it
Yeah, see what I'm gonna do is you're really gonna ride it
I can't help it Sam. I have to try and it has to be before my parents see the bike
But my parents know the motorcycle stashed over here. They're gonna tell me not to ride it
Right then if I do I'm in deep, but if they don't know when I do it they haven't forbidden for so it's not so bad, right?
Well, okay, if you're sure you can ride it how hard can it be the pavement
Riding why are you so against this besides the fact that you don't have a license?
Yes, technically that's true
But I'm not talking about riding into town and gunning the engine under the mayor's wife's window
I'm talking about, you know once around the block
Clarissa
Sam, I can't get this thing out of my mind. Well, it would help if you got it out of your bedroom
That would just be delaying the inevitable Sam. I'm itching to ride. I can't control it here. Take a look at this
What is it?
I actually put myself in a video game watch
It's all a matter of balance
Controlled speed
proper break games
You were saying?
Not to worry Sam
This is just a dumb game
Besides when's the last time you saw a panda on a tricycle on shadow lane?
I don't see why you're also confused down there at the phone company
The reason we have so many calling cards is we have a lot of people living here
Yes, yes, I am Ferguson darling
No
F. W. Darling is my son
Yes, yes, and Ferguson W. Darling is his son
Yes, it's an extended family. We're very close
Well, I don't see where that's any of your business, but I'm uh
77 years old
Next Wednesday
Capricorn
No, no, no, that's quite all right
No, no, sure. You have to keep a sharp eye out for any kind of improper activity
No, I want you to understand it's a concerned citizen. I will do my share to help stamp out fraud
Oh gotta go
Hi, mom. Hi Ferguson. Who is that? Oh wrong number
Who funny this phone bill is incredibly fat this month. Oh, it's just probably stuffed with junk mail mom
Can I have it?
What for?
Oh
School project starting the advertising techniques of the information age gotta go. Thanks
Then you can have the junk mail, but I need the bill
Ferguson. Hi sweetheart. Hi, Mrs. Darling. Nice to see you Samuel. I thought you had a meeting at the museum
Oh, it got canceled. So what are you guys up to?
Nothing
Who do you got there?
Where?
In your hand
Um, it's it's a helmet
Sam's helmet
Just practicing for the mosh pits, you know stage diving at concerts
Oh sounds fun. Oh, it is fun to see the warm up
I just worry around act like a spaz and bang into stuff
Uh, well, uh, I uh used to like going to concerts too
Um, so are you just gonna be here this afternoon? I guess so
All afternoon? Well, I suppose
Why?
No reason
Well, what are your plans?
Well
Right now we have to go put something away in the garage
Look, maybe it's a good thing. You didn't get to ride at least this way. You don't know what you're missing
Right
And maybe it's good for convicts and solitary confinement to never see the sun
I've got to take off. I've got to go to the hospital with my dad to visit uncle eddie
Eddie, which uncle's that?
My dad's sister's ex-husband the guy with no thumbs. Oh, yeah. Is he okay?
He's got mono nothing serious. Wish I could give you a ride
Hang in there evil Knievel. You'll make it
Boy temptation is a rough thing
Here I am hiding stuff from my parents thinking about breaking the law and why
Maybe there's a part of me that's trying to break free
I wonder what that would be like
Hey bops make with the service
Yeah, man, we would have a dog
We want a whale
Right chopper
The young rebels
What are you rebelling against anyway?
What have you got tough real tough
Rebels you're nothing but a bunch of phonies all of you
You probably stole that trophy too
Why don't you give it back so they can give it to someone who deserves it?
Get me my bike
Pony I'll show you who's a phony
Do you guys know how to start this thing?
I don't know about starting
But one thing that's got to stop is my obsession with this motorcycle
For better or for worse, I've got to try to ride it
I'm glad you came no problem getting in trouble for sneaking out is nothing compared to what marlin's going to do to me
If you bust his bike, I'm not going to bust his bike. We won't even talk about you busting your head. Thank you. I appreciate that
Oh, hi sam. Hey claire son. So exactly what route did you plan? We can call ahead and have ambulances strategically stationed
Your confidence overwhelms me
I'm just going to start it up leave a patch of rubber as I fly to the driveway
Do a wheelie at the end of the street up under the red makers porch because I need a ramp to watch my aerial flip
Then I'm home
funny
Once around the block that's all piece of cake
So you know how to shift your body weight as you lean into a turn right?
Sure, who doesn't know that
Then I guess you memorize where all the potholes and stuff are along the way potholes
I can really send you flying
But you probably won't hit me and you know how to use the brakes
Uh, look guys, can you stand back?
So, what do you think olivia probably the same as you that we need two more of us to make paul bears
What happened tell marlin. He better find another place to stash his bike good idea
I don't know how to ride a motorcycle. I could kill myself. Gee. Why didn't we think of that?
This motorcycle business I'm over it for now finally because what I really want is a car. I just can't afford one right now, you know
Guys
Guys wait guys
But mrs. Brandy twine, can't you give me a little on your account a deuce offend something?
No, I don't want the little brandy twine's going without milk
But here at sec you just can't expect us to forgive these long-distance charges
If that's the way you feel about it, just wait till you hear from my collection company
And you think I'm tough
trouble on the line
This whole Ferguson communications company has been a real eye-opener
It's unbelievable to think how other people will try to take advantage of another person
It must come as quite a shock to you. Well, I'm calling it off. I want to spend half their life on a phone
Just trying to get people to pay
Unless of course you'd like to come aboard as my assistant. I'd rather look a plug
That's too bad. You know the real moneys and telecommunications not to mention the perks
Even my one month experiment has earned me enough frequent flyer miles to visit Duluth. How soon can you leave?
Good morning, everyone. Hi kids mom dad. You guys look tired. Oh coffee. I need coffee
I don't know how you slept to that racket. What racket?
Someone consider person decided the middle of the night was a good time to erase some motorcycle. Yeah, probably kids
Well, I just hope it isn't the start of something new we have to deal with
Oh, well, I wouldn't worry about it if I were you
What makes you say that Clarissa?
Well, it was probably just somebody passing through
It's a quiet neighborhood
Who'd be crazy enough to own a motorcycle
Up your hog and get into the roundhouse
Where best friends just can't stand each other next
Then meet Stimpy's most stupidest friend in the whole wide world
Snick continues right here. Just hang on. Okay
Who's responsible for this?
Nick's gonna tell who makes Ren and Stimpy meet Bob. I'm creative director and Jim. I'm the producer
A producer is the guy that tells the artist what to do and then when the cartoon's done
It takes all the credit when I was a kid
I was really silly. Bob is about 80 stimpy about 20 ring. We're all crazy
That's a big secret. Now, you know who's responsible for Ren and Stimpy. Don't tell anybody. Okay. I'm the only network for you
Vinny moto biker mice on battle bikes with the firepower to stop the evil plutarcians
And now make way for throttle blaze and cycle with a blaze and back wheel of power
Just pull the record and the blaze and cycle goes the distance blaze on bros
Blaze and cycle rock and ride
The biker mice from mars blaze and cycle additional figures and bikes each sold separately batteries not included new from gloob
Hey there tube heads wake up. You know that 49 95 check the granny sunshine
You know that'll get you your very own nintendo entertainment system get one and you can play the new mega man six and
Battle evil robot stop watching those wig commercials
I can even shower with it and they're sort of preventing star tropics, too
Will you battle soda the man with no face? No more mommy soaps for you as tea drops fall
So thank granny cash the checks and get the nes you have watched too much tv already
It's free posters from honeycomb
Coming out it's Patrick yoy. What's he doing? They're sacking. Is this a dream?
It's going to end Larry johnson. So hey kids you can collect all four posters run free inside honeycomb
Watch nicolodians legends of the hidden temple and watch me make history
Don't you mean make up history? Watch the first game show that lets kids live out legendary adventures
Watch legends of the hidden temple weekdays at my 34 30 central only on net
Oh
Jokes on each other
Became more and more sophisticated and now as we approach the 21st century human civilization has advanced you
Tonight it's history's most hated prankster getting back in action and going back in time on quantum creep
First the action heats up when sam meets abe lincoln
All scorned seven years ago
Finn sam is there on that faithful day in 1963 moments ago in dallas, texas as lee harry oswald was being led down a corridor
Our man with a pie came from out of nowhere
Quantum creep you may think he's funny, but if the joke were on you you'd wipe that smile off your face
He says to me hey
Is that a pocket for taking your pocket? Are you just too new excited to see me?
You know this is because my braces doesn't pick up arm service radio doesn't mean i'm some kind of geek
Right like i'm a kind of loser because i like to munch on nose food during class
Jorkers for me guys available in armpit and high water if you're not wearing jorkers then you're probably snouted jork
Hey
This brace face you're distracted while i get set up right yo train tracks. What's going down?
I'll go wrong. What's going down is you?
Two weeks to drop a gig
Yeah, my practical jokes are practically lame. What's eating me? It's not what's eating you. It's what you're eating
Start your annoying day off right with a bowl of cool tricks
Yeah, it tastes like a raccoon one on my spoon, but i like it comes in flavors like wedges of lemon
Red mading we're pointing to something on somebody's shirt, but you poke them in the nose orange
Oi, that sounds so good silly rabbi cruel tricks are for kids
My class is dismissed
Think again young man
Now i want you to write i will not snap girls training bras
100 times that'll take forever and i'll miss recess
Now when you've got this
Hi, i'm the annoying kid from the encyclopedia commercials here to introduce the i will not book
The notebooks that help you save time and your butt
Each notebook has i will not written 100 times followed by a blank
So all you have to do is fill in the proper phrase
I will not put gum tax on
Robbie's chain year. I will not set fire to
My lab partner
So what if my teacher won't let me hand it in on paper?
There's also a special blackboard edition, but i will not books add it to your school supply list today
Awesome looks like i got a leg up on that nasty old bat of a teacher
Think again
I will not call my teacher a nasty old bat
Hey, you know who you should get is mr. Papaloma the algebra teacher
Yeah, let's order pizza and have it sent to his house
No, it won't work pizza get calls and checks out stuff like that
What if there's a pizza place just for print deliveries?
Do if they had that there'd be a commercial for it. Well, now there is because domino's pizza delivers
We won't take your teacher a pizza
We're guaranteed to stand there and argue about the money for 30 minutes
Hey, let's order that monster double-grind size. Yeah
When they don't want it hot and they don't want it fast and they just plain don't want it
Go domino
Say dad, I got you this to carve because I figured you'd be really bummed
They canceled gorgeous ladies of mud wrestling
Be still my heart
You mean it's not true. Nah, it's just a joke, but enjoy the cigar anyway. Well, thanks, son
Hey, wait a minute. What am I doing? I'm smoking a cigar. Give it to me by my son the prankster
Whoa, that was close. I narrowly escaped injury
Well, I didn't
Oh, I'm sorry about that little fella. Where does it hurt my cheeks the chard but good
Well, lucky for you. I happen to have a tube of my very own favorite butt balm
We secretly replace the butt balm dad usually serves with this very very hot deep eating rubbish
Are you any kid comma andy who wants to know we represent the accountability firm of angst and dang
We're holding you accountable for a number of practical jokes. Well, they're just jokes
Well, they're not funny when they're at the expense of other people. Well, I thought the pizza was kind of funny
Dang, you're not helping
Well, if you
If someone were to get hurt, you'd be held responsible. I'll take my chances. You can't say we didn't warn you
We didn't warn you. I bet you can't say rubber baby buggy bumpers three times fast
I'm a baby better. Come on. Dang. Let's evacuate. Have a nice trip
That's what bomb should be taking effect right about now. Here you go little fella
You should be feeling better any second now. I'm out of here, too
We're pleased to see him song and roll the credit
Wait a minute. This is the end of the first act
Timeless Warner Brothers classic and receive a free silver plated locket packed with each specially marked video cassette
Plus get five dollars back in mail in rebates from st. I've swiss formula botanical hair and skincare products
Come to the place where miracles grow the secret garden for sale wherever videos are sold
Late in the afternoon a strange hunger comes over steve without his trusty kellogg's pop tarts to ward off the effects
Each changes into the chocolate craving monster
What can stop his feeding frenzy? Kellogg's chocolate fudge pop tart
Hot some pastries oozing with budgie filling or s'mores with gooey marshmallow lurking inside
Unable to resist the creature sinks in steve's within seconds
Steve is his former self
He has to be so dramatic about it
Kellogg's pop tarts, it's these monsters snack
It's fun to cut wiggles. It's fun to cut squiggles. That's what fun's all about
And it's called cut it out the incredible cutter cuts paper like butter you cut to it, bro
Where scissors can't go even scissors can't cut
Just flip the switch and the cut out machine makes cutting as easy as drawing
Cut it out cuts comics and magazines or your own cool creations. Did you cut that out?
It's what fun's all about and it's called cut it out
Cut it out comes with these 12 color projects and everything you see here the battery not included
We now return to roundhouse and snick only on nick
What happened anything to do with those hot cross funds? I don't want to talk about it
All right, but when you do the doctor is in you're not a doctor
No, but I play one on tv
No, you don't why but I play your dad and I've been voting up on how to be a more sensitive parent
Pop psychology. Don't tell me you gave into this new age mumbo jumbo
Sure, I do chapter one how to get in touch with your inner child and make him clean up his room
I don't want to talk. All right. Fine. I don't want to listen
It's gonna sit here watching bowling for no reason the first psychology won't work
Oh, yes, it will chapter three never force a kid to spill his guts
Especially when there's something good on the tube. All right, I give up
You know, I've been underwhelmed by this deep-seated feeling of guilt
I'm in an existential funk, you know, you'd probably feel a lot better about it if you just let it all out
I just did
Whoa, and I got some deep-seated burritos. I'm dying to express pay me that book. Were you?
Welcome back to yo mtv rap
Up next is a rap lose from the hood. You don't want you to feel good
guilt
You'll hear him blame his life of crime on the lack of government subsidized community redevelopment agencies
He's just ghetto anthem by any or stopping my last foot
Yo, you could have voted a twice yearly increase the head start jay
By guilty's new album government check yourself before you wreck yourself
And wave your hands in the air like it's just okay because you don't
This guilt thing is everywhere I turn. I'm starting to feel guilty for not feeling guilty
Coming soon from paramond pictures. It's a touching story of a group of asian women and their fight to stay together in the joy buzzer club
Joy buzzer club available for takeout of delivery at a video store near you
I saw it at movie. I laughed. I cried. I laughed. I cried
But an hour later, I wanted to watch it again. Dad, I didn't know you went in for high culture
Oh, yeah, listen, son. I've seen all the movies from the cans film festival
Now if you'll fart name what I'm gonna have my own little festival in the can
Sure as doll around here
Are you antsy in your pansy?
Why go crazy with nothing to do when you can have hours of fun being naughty?
With stir crazy glue. Just imagine your mom's face when she finds out you've used it on her toothbrush
And imagine your sister's face glued to the cat talk about your sour places
And imagine dad's face. Wait, wait, wait. I've already thought of a better way to use it
Hey, what's up? There's a can of stuff to my can. It's a crazy glue
One drop holds a bun. All right, mr. Funny ha ha man
Just how would you like it if somebody played these practical jokes on you? I'll take it from here
Who's she dr. Quinn tastes of your own medicine woman?
If your kid ain't feeling guilty enough, let me prescribe a bitter pill. You don't scare me. Oh, yeah
How would you feel if someone put itching powder down your shorts? Okay, I guess
And gave you a
How would you feel then?
My goodness, you must have fun to feel he gets so funny father
Sign on your back a cream pie in your face and make you watch a burning a friend's marathon
Thanks bones, you can play doctor with me anytime. Hey mom pal
I don't make loud calls the next time your kid needs a lesson. Don't make his saddle sore
Call dr. Quinn taste of your own medicine woman
Are you listening to me young man? Oh, I wish I could get through to him. Hi. I'm Ted dancing
That's tough your way out of it. It doesn't matter so much what you say
It's all in the body language you use to say it
That's why I created this new video learn remorse code at home
For example, they close the picture to my body language as I say
That's just learning more code at home taste
Act now you don't have to receive the new whoopee golfer cushion sit on it and it'll make everyone think you're talented
No time for remorse. I've got more practical jokes to play
Look grandma's taking her mid-morning post-coffing fitness. Oh, isn't that sweet? She looks so peaceful and content
Looks like a perfect time to play a cool practical joke on her
Why not use full mollus? What?
Give her a manicure. Wow. You see pool mollus is a warm liquid
So if you put her hands in it she would be pee-oh'd that's right
Pool mollus was made for those golden moments when you have nothing better to do than fiddle around
I don't think we should do that to grandma. I'll leave it up to me
I'ma visit these kind of things. Just dunk and in the tinkle and a sink. Look. She's soaking in it
Look, she stopped on the landing
Oh, would you look at those desk bunnies at the size of ramp out those are rad
Oh, my oh boy. She's falling and she can't shut up. Oh, man. What have I done?
That'll get you your very own nintendo entertainment system get one and you can play the new mega man six and battle evil robot
Stop watching those wig commercials. I can even shower with it and there's sort of revenge star tropics
Do you battle soda the man with no face? No more mommy soaps for you as two drops fall
So thank gritty cash the checks and get the nes you have watched too much tv already
The tomorrow people are back and only nix got a wedding delightful and unexpected pleasure
Watch ordinary kids with extraordinary powers in a brand new adventure monsoon man. Watch them take on the
Already out of this weather making maniac or with these power blow them away
Don't miss the next chapter of an all-new adventure of the tomorrow people this saturday at six five central only on
But funny and I were mixing up some quick
Now return to roundhouse and snick only on
Oh, at least you didn't hit the big sharp rod iron knob at the end of the staircase
How could you do such a thing to your mother? You know, you must have had a lousy upbringing, but dad you brought me up
Oh, well then the environment must have had something to do with it
You know, he's not a bad boy
He's just a mean boy
But wait dad, I've got a good excuse
It's time for blame that tune the game show or two death for contestants attempt to blame all their troubles for the song
They say made them commit all their horrible crimes
Contessa number one is a habitual criminal visiting from the sand quittin area rocko the spike johnson
Yeah, I just want to say yo don't my boys and still block c and uh
Tony thanks for the flowers man
Contestant number two is young andy any kid who just needs a good excuse. That's right wink
I was driven to do terrible things by irresponsible mind-numbing devil noise that passes for music these days
Looks like he's going for the judas priest defense
Last year the song was released by severe tire damage. Here are the first four notes of the song
I can blame that tune for petty loss any link now
Well, I can blame that tune for short sheeting my sister's bed. Yeah, I can blame that tune for simple assault
With a blunt object. Well, I can blame that tune for putting my grandma's old underwear in the freezer
Yeah, I want to blame that tune for aggravated mayhem grand theft auto and taking one of those little tags of a mattress
Yeah, well, I can blame that tune for playing a practical joke on my mom that sent her flying down 27 flights of stairs that broke every bone in her body
You hurt your mommy
Let me out of look like we got her andy any kid
You just accepted responsibility for causing your mother great bodily harm. What are you going to do now?
I'm going to disgrace land
Welcome to disgrace land kid Elvis. I just thought you were abducted by illegal aliens
No, I became such a fat pathetic slob that I was ashamed
But now I've opened up my big tacky house as a shrine to disgrace the folks like you and me
Me? I'm not that bad. Like again kid. You're the latest inductee into the hall of shame
You'll take a place in this honor right beside our child actor's exhibit. Here's a little dandy partridge
Here's a little kid from eight is enough right over here. We have the entire cast from different strokes. Would you stop that Elvis?
Uh-huh
Right over here is our political wing
It's always full
P-o-t-a-t-o-e
I am not a crook. Hey, could I see the Ted Kennedy exhibit? Now that would take all day, son
Tell him what he's going down beggy parto
Congratulations andy. You've been named the leading loser in a drama comedy or life in general
Oh, I must be the king of shame. Hey, this is a nightmare. No, it's a daydream
Well, I gotta be going. It's about time for your mama to be coming home from the hospital
But wait, I didn't get a chance to say sorry son. Elvis has left the fantasy, please
You go ahead with your fantasy sequence, honey. This full body cast doesn't bother me a smidge
Oh, sis. I'm feeling kind of guilty about what happened. Do you think you could give me some objective advice?
You're bad. You're bad. You hurted mommy. Never mind. I'll talk to dad. You're bad. You big meanie
You give the mommy a booboo
Talking to my unpunctured ear, honey
But you'll have to do it while i'm cleaning. Oh, mom. You don't have to clean. You're in a full body cast
Here, let me do it for you. Oh, I wouldn't want to put you out, son
After all you probably have more important things to do like gluing your sister to the railroad track
Just do me a teensy wincey favor and hold the iron to my face on your way out
Oh boy, mom can't sure lay on the guilt. I've got to find a way to protect myself
Who are you? I'm your Jewish godmother
Look, Bubba, if you need a way to seal the guilt get the new guilt filter fish by Manna Schwachwitz
The guilt filter fish is a unique blend of pike, carp, and those heat resistant tiles that you use on the space shuttle
Here's Ryan, you'll like it. Go take out the trash
It's the least you could do after the pain and agony you put me through during childbirth
Wow, this thing works great. What I like to you my little kinnish
Get the guilt filter fish. It's the carp that stopped the hopping
I'm just not getting through to him. Looks like I'll have to call in reinforcement
Time for a good old-fashioned guilting bee. Oh, no, she's bringing in other mothers. Huddle up
Guiltrip on two
Ready? I don't want to hurt you anymore. I'm really sorry. Oh, I forgive you especially because
You weren't really hurt
That's right. Your mother staves the whole thing to teach you a lesson funny, man
But I heard her falling. Haven't you ever heard of sound effects?
Mom paid off that drummer guy's just back there
Thing is that no one got hurt by one of your practical jokes. Hey, wait a minute. What happened to
Repeat the same song roll the credits. Hello everyone stimpy here. And do you smell what I smell?
Is it old socks? Is it rancid milk? Wait, I know that's the unmistakable odor of my lovable pal
Ren that means ren and stimpy is next. Oh, I sneak for joy
That's good enough
Face the temple's challenges ponder the ancient riddles and see ordinary kids live out legendary adventures
Every single solitary weekday afternoon the temple beckons heat the call and let nick make your afternoons
Legendary on legends of a hidden temple every weekday at 5 34 30 central only on nick of odion
You're getting very greedy. You are me
You're very handsome. You have amazing powers
plunder and finish pirate's treasure bag of a zillion coins find me a castle bigger than mario's
After me, I'm the bad guy and wario land super mario land three
Where being bad is good and greed is good
Come and get it on game boy greedy
From Walt Disney Pictures coach Gordon Bombay. Nice haircut. Don't you lose a bet is back with a mighty duck. Oh, no
How have you guys been training in the offseason? I knew we forgot something
Now he's trying to do the impossible only you could teach them to fly and turn them into world champion
Do you think hockey's just a bunch of guys trying to knock out popped into a net with a stick
Isn't it I say so Emilio Estevez d2 the mighty ducks are back rated pg starts friday march 25th
We're getting out
Sorry, let's go again. Tony. Watch your timing Karen. We've got the time for you
Nice. Thanks, Tony. Winners practice hard and eat smart like this complete breakfast including a sweet crunch of kelon's frosted flakes
There girl
We'll get a ride today Ren
Just you wait and see
Why I'll wager the very next car will pick us up
You've been saying that for three years for shut up
Who were you just laughing at
Was you laughing at me and my friend here?
Maybe it's me. I'm a little funny in the head, but
I think we amuse you
Is that it?
We are here for your amusement
Is that why you were laughing at us?
Oh, no, I wasn't laughing at you
Oh
You didn't laugh then
Well, I
Well, you see I find that very funny because I could have sworn I heard you laugh
Are we clowns to you? Is that it? Do we look like clowns?
Hmm, we do don't we is it good to see you boys?
We were starting to get lonesome
Allow me to introduce myself
I'm shlomo and he's momo
We make people laugh. I should it's nice to make new friends
Say, how'd you like to smell this?
How corny the old squirt and flower trick
But as I am somewhat parched from my travails, what the hey
What are you trying to fool have a cigar, but we don't
Well, how did they look?
Hmm
They're adorable
Your boat now part of the act
Come on sit up big
Ah go paddle your kippers elsewhere clown duty iron cross
Now do uh
Now relax
Okay, come here you think you can jump through this hoop hoop. Oh, no nothing doing we got our bride
Oh, come on fellas
Take it a fame the fortune. You'll be showbiz legends
You want to be showbiz legends, don't you?
Yes, I guess we do just think Ren fame and fortune
We got to go water the flowers
So don't move from this car
These clowns got screws loose. They're psychotic. We're gonna get out of here. They're gonna kill us
And besides I gotta go water the flowers, too
I know we'll ask the driver
Maybe he'll let us out
Excuse me, mr. Driver. Could you let us out?
Why have I got to go to the back?
Yes, thanks. Why have I?
Hey
Our country
Our yaks are really large
It's so nice to have an audience with which to share our hilarity
No dead-blasted cops are gonna ruin our good time
Okay, man, this is war. Yes, sir your shortness
ammo
We did last time and we nearly became circus stars suffered minor third-degree burns and survived the collision with the side of a mountain
And on top of that we get to keep these cool clown clothes
Need a lift do you? Hop in
A creepy crawler from my yucky monster soup
Very scary sometimes Harry's quickly really creepy crawling
Kids get even more creeped out when you're doing the creepy crawlers collectors club details especially more packages
Creepy crawlers workshop with plastic who is responsible for this? I picked them myself
Nick's gonna tell who draws Ren and Stimpy. It's about 50 artists. They put it all together. They draw faces
This is ren normal and this is ren screaming paint backgrounds. I paint
Backgrounds draw practically anything. I get to do vomit. Now, you know who's responsible for ren and stimpy
People can relate to him. They see a lot of themselves and
On the only network for you
Ava has a secret pet
What's matter, what's going on?
And Dodger
See
Don't kiss up to me now
Time to head on home
So we started to eat and don't you know I was later
See what's through by the foot the fun just lasts and lasts
So he kept eating
And so one day when it began snowing came up around and said okay, now we can go
Kids deserve a network just for them a network that thinks about them
We think it's great for kids to understand that they're all on the same boat and we're on his side
I am the president of nickel
We aren't proud of some networks are there part-time for kids when it's convenient for them
We think we should be convenient for you. Nickelodeon is always there for kids every day
365 days a year
Die here with some important news. Wienerville is moving to a new time on Nick. Is it for real back?
Don't forget my Marvel collection
Watch Wienerville at a brand new time every weekday at 3 32 30 central right here on Nick
And now back to the glow of the rennan stimpy show
Joy
Ren have you seen my pants?
I can't find my pants
Shut up you fool. You're a cat. You don't have any pants. I'm trying to sleep. So keep quiet stupid
I'm naked under this towel
What am I gonna do
You're going to stop this naked foolery and go outside
All right now it's too nice a day to be stupid indoors
Hey, hey, lady, can I borrow those pants?
You there running around naked in front of god-fearing people aren't you ashamed?
We know how to take care of filthy little beasts like you
You
Taste the wrath of my homes you even chat
I guess I showed you who wears the pants in this neighborhood. I'm safe
Victor the neighborhood say this
Oh
Well, what have we here naked, huh? I know what that's like
I bet you'd like a pair of these
Yeah, oh no, you don't it's not that easy
Hmm
I know we can make it trade
But but I'm naked. I have nothing to trade
I'll tell you what
I'll give you my vvv
If you let me
Slug you in the stomach
But I don't want you to slug me in the stomach
It's all right. I'm a professional bully
Well, okay
Just relax and think of something really pleasant
Because this is really gonna hurt
Happy happy
Man this stomach pound and stuff is hard work
Can can I have your underwear now?
Of course
We bullies always live up to our promises
We have a code
But uh
We can't do it here
We'll have to take a drive in the country
Who's the punk son?
Oh, he's just a stupid cat. I promised my underwear too. Yeah, you promised
That's not the christmas underwear your mother embroidered is it?
Um, yes, sir
You know son, it'll break your mother's heart if you give them away
You're right, dad
You promise you promise
And tell you what you can have my underwear
Yeah, it's june
Gotta change him anyway
Look what I have for you
Do
That's right
Jump for daddy
You promised
All right, you little cry baby cry baby cry baby
There we go
joy
Hmm kind of baggy in the dairy air
Son get some rope tie those up for him
Okay, pop
You're happy
Good now get out feet up dirty and lost in the woods
But I've got my pants. All right, buddy reach for the sky
Don't turn around now hand over your underpants
Bronto move. Come on. Come on
This thing hasn't been milked in two weeks
It could go off at any second
Ah
Say aren't these just jim dandy
Warm and snug just like I like them
Hey turn around Nancy
Oh, that's pretty
You've been kind enough to give me your pants. So I'm gonna help you on your way
Oh, you just wait right here
He's such a nice cow
Relax, son. You'll need it
Where's your clothes?
It's the dirty little boy
Where's your pants?
I'll be in problem here
I don't have any pants
Fundoration boy, you're as naked as the day you was born
Where's your dog gone clothes?
We don't cotton to you sick nudist pants around here
Maybe you can get away with that from the city but not in this neck of the woods
But I want to wear clothes
Oh
Well, that's different
Why don't you take this?
And cover yourself
Not only did I save my reputation, but now I'm a trendsetter
Yeah, I'll see you later
Sicko
That's what happened Ren
How many times have I told you you're a cat you don't need pants
However, this lovely gown might look nice on you
And here's one for your little friend
I have to admit we do look divine
Let's go down to the mall shop and show off our new outfits
Okay, guys
Basking in the glow of the big orange couch
Snick will continue after these messages
Just send your name address age and phone to Nick's ultimate room sweepstakes
Then with the help of Nickelodeon one grand prize winner will create their ultimate room
Spending up to 10,000 big ones as long as it's cool with the folks
100 first prize winners will get a nick chest filled with toys like blast and catch and mongo bat from abeba
So winner today and you may be begging to get sent here room
Mix ultimate room sweepstakes is brought to you by post cocoa and fruity pebbles bedrock shop camp barbie and the place where only kids swing
Connects the new snap together color-coded construction sets
Two pegs wake up. You know that 49 95 check that granny sunshine
You know that'll get you your very own nintendo entertainment system get one and you can play the new mega man six and battle evil robot
Stop watching those wig commercials. I can even shower with it and there's sort of prevention
Star tropics too when you battle soda the man with no face. No more mommy soaps for you
So thank granny cash rejection get the nes you have watched too much tv already
Kids like me around in the world
I finally have my own room and no one but my friends will be allowed to come in because I have a special lock put on my door
And when I'm having a big man attack, I'll just go downstairs because I'm having a mickey d's that I'm out
Excellent
Hey, it can happen
Imagine if you made a drawing so good everybody had to lick it if you win our stamp design contest it could happen
Kids 8 to 13 can pick up free details of mcdonald's or write to this address
You could get your drawing printed on a postage stamp or win other nifty gifty entries must be received by april 30th
Tracted yeah, right I was
Let's go again. You and me come on forget a pee we hey, I can beat you anytime any place
What's going on tugger's mad because uh kiki called him a runt. I'm sorry, okay? No, you're not you're just scared
I'm gonna beat you
Yeah, that must be it. I'm I'm scared. I'm speaking of scare
You're up tonight sam
You ready? Sure. I've got a story about something incredibly horrifying
But it's not monsters or demons or any of the usual scary stuff
It's about something that can strike any one of us at any time
And it's always when we least expect it. What is it?
True love
kid
Come on
Who says love isn't scary?
It can really hurt sometimes
The love is what people live for
And in my story
It's sort of what they die for
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society
I call this story
the tale
of the dream girl
Johnny and erico are brother and sister and they were really close
Come on, it's quarter after I've got a ton of homework and we gotta close out. Yeah. Yeah
I just finished lubing the pin setter. I gotta make sure it won't crash on me. Yeah, right
You're just playing they even worked at the same place the bolo ramo lanes
Yeah, perfect
as usual
And modest too. Hey
Did I ever tell you you're my favorite sister?
I'm your only sister
Yeah
Hurry up
Erico is a waitress
Johnny the repair guy
Come in or what?
Yeah. Yeah, you put this in here. Nope. Hmm. It's the girl's ring
Oh, it's stuck
Really? Great. Now you can go study with yourself
But yeah, hardy-har-har
No, I can't get this thing off
Johnny! Sorry
Why don't you try selling it? I tried everything except cutting my finger off
Bedtime school tomorrow
Come on mom. I've still got it. Erico, please don't argue
It's late
Good night, mom
Geez, what's the matter with her?
Oh, she's got a lot on her mind
Yeah, I guess so
So you come in or what?
No, I'm gonna do a little channel surfing
Get the light, will you?
Good night
Johnny
Johnny, where are you?
Oh, man
Give me a cola. Would you Erika?
Man, I am living a charmed life
Really? Why?
Just closed out another month without having to hire another maintenance guy
We haven't had a breakdown in four months
The longer I hold off hiring somebody, the better my books look
The better I look
Life is so sweet
Thanks
Yeah, thanks to me
What are you doing out here?
Why can't I come out here?
Uh, he'll pitch a fit if you get grease on me
Well, good. At least he'll know I'm around
Who does he think keeps this place running anyway?
Don't worry about it
Erika, I can't do it all myself
I swear, if he doesn't...
What?
You promise not to laugh if I tell you something?
No
I've been having these really weird dreams lately
About this beautiful girl with long hair and amazing eyes
Yeah, so you and every other guy
Yeah, but it's so real
You know, I've never seen her before
And I can't stop thinking about her
And she looks a lot like that girl over there
Cheryl Lightheart?
I know, I know, it sounds stupid
Maybe this dream is some kind of sign
Hm?
This could be fate
Johnny, wait!
It's okay, Lane, I'll handle it
And how may I help you, ladies?
I set a size six, not a size nine
What, your eyes upside down or something?
Hi, Cheryl
Uh, you don't know me
And I don't know how to say this, but...
You guys hear someone talking to me?
I don't see anyone, must be your imagination
Come on, let's go
Yeah
Must be great to be so perfect
Yeah, where's my stuff?
Who?
It's me, it's Donna
Don't, don't move
Bills, what a surprise
More bill
I forgot this
Erica
Erica!
Roses are red, violets are blue
You know I'll never stop thinking of you
Of Donna Mainland
Where'd you get this?
It's the girl
Let's go for my dreams
Meet me tonight, midnight
I'll be at the bowl around the snack bar
That's after closing
You gonna go?
I don't know
I mean, I guess I should
But you have to see her, Erica
She's so beautiful
There's just something about her
I've got to find out who she is
About time you showed up
What are you doing here?
This place is supposed to be closed
Closed?
Never
Let's just say we're the, uh, night shift
Hot apple pie ala mode with a two cola chaser
That's my favorite, how'd you know that?
We know
What's your hurry?
Johnny
I, uh, hope I'm not late
I thought you weren't gonna show
I'd never stand you up
Well, I can't
You're wearing my ring
This is yours?
Well, how did you?
Let's dance
Who are you?
How do you know me?
You must know
You're wearing my ring
Yeah, this is what I found
It's almost time to go
I want you to come with me
Where? You just got here
But it's almost time
Better hurry
Oh, it's too late
I'll wait for you, Johnny
Wait, for what?
The dark, stay in the glow of the couch
And stay tuned
Attention homeowners
Coming your way now
The air conditioning professionals
0% finance charge
No billing, no payment till June 2
And save $100
Just take advantage of Sears
Pre-season installed air conditioning offer
On Sears Charge Home Improvement Plan
Call now to arrange your free
In-home estimate
Sears has a wide selection of quiet, dependable
Central air conditioners
Like Sears Best, Kenmore 12
That saves up to 40% on operating costs
Get 0% finance charge
And save $100
Sears Pre-season air conditioning offer
Ends April 6
At Sears, your satisfaction is guaranteed
Or your money back
Call now for Sears Double Good Deal
0% finance charge
No billing, no payment till June 2
And save yourself $100
For all your cooling and heating needs
You can count on Sears
The most trusted name around the house
An extra dangerous criminal
When the cops moved in with the robbers
It took some getting used to
I said spread them, isn't it
But now...
Think of this as your home
Take me happy mode of law
They're just like one of the families
Mom!
Look at your neck and try to suck your blood
Chevy Chase, Jack Powell
She was there
Donna met me but...
Before you say anything else
Is this the girl you've been seeing?
Yeah
Yeah, Donna, Donna Maitland, what's she doing here?
She's dead, Johnny
She died in a car accident
She was...
Driving with her boyfriend
And their car stalled on these railroad tracks
Just out by Waterloo Road
They both got out
But Donna forgot her ring
This school ring that her boyfriend had just given her
So she went back to get it
And the train came
She said I had her ring
She was there, Erica
I swear it
I mean, I talked to her
She said that she wanted me to go with her
And it's all because of this
Run for me, Johnny
I want you to come with me
Look, take your stupid ring back
I don't want it
Don't you understand?
It's you that I want
You must know that by now
Just... just...
Just leave me alone
It's time, Johnny
No!
Johnny?
Are you okay?
Did you see her?
Sit down and relax, please
Yeah, okay, when the ghost comes after you
Let's see if you can relax
Johnny...
Are you sure it's the ring
That's making all this happen?
What do you mean?
Hello?
It's for you
Me?
Look, this is all some kind of joke
And I'm not buying it anymore, understand?
This isn't funny, so just leave me alone
Sorry, Johnny
You still think this is all a joke?
You know, maybe all she wants is a ring back
Maybe I should give it to her
Well, how are you gonna do that?
You told her to leave you alone
Well, then... then I gotta find her
Oh, she's really your ghost
I can think of a pretty good place to start
Hey, you okay?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine
Just a little jumpy, that's all
You find anything?
Uh, no, you...
No, look at this
Donna Maitland
This is it, this is so grave
You sure?
Well, yeah, look at it
How many other Donna Maitlands could there be?
Well, yeah, I guess
But how did you know it would be right here?
I didn't
I just kinda...
Happened to wander away from me
Get lost and trip right over it?
What are you talking about?
You knew exactly where she was buried, Johnny
Why do you think that is?
Look, I don't know what you mean
Maybe you've been here before
Did you ever think about that?
No way, why would I have been here?
I'm in a cemetery
Why don't you tell me, Johnny
You remember what happened
The car stalled on the tracks, right?
And then Donna got out
But she forgot her ring
Her school ring
And went running back for it
And then what happened, Johnny?
I turned back
I tried to push her out of the way
But she was late
And I made Linda and John
It's me, isn't it?
And that means I...
Why don't you just tell me?
Because you didn't remember
You just came back from the accident
And acted as if nothing had happened
Johnny, I was the only one who could see you
And for some really weird reason
You didn't remember the accident
You didn't even know you were...
Dead
No wonder I'm so bummed all the time
So what do I do?
Well, now that you know
Everything's gonna be okay
We can still be a family
And go on living
And everything will be fine
Johnny, is that you?
Back to me
I don't think I can stay
I'll be locked together
It's time, Johnny
After her
You don't want to lose her again
I'm really gonna miss you, Eric
You know, you're my favorite sister
I'm your only sister
I love you too
Always going to miss Johnny
But it made her feel better to know
That he was happy at last
With the girl of his dreams
The end
Good one, Sam
Cool
You're a ghost and you don't know it
Yeah
Like you're a runt and you don't even know it
I'll show you who's a runt
Declare this meeting of the Midnight Society Post
It is post at SNCC
You can SNCC again next Saturday night
On Nickelodeon